{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/README.md, before:

# {{ cookiecutter.project_name }}

{{ cookiecutter.project_short_description }}

## Workflow for developers/contributors

Before pushing on GitHub, run the following commands (preferably in an isolated conda environament):

1. Update conda environment: `make conda-env-update`
1. Install this package: `pip install -e .`
1. Run quality assurance checks: `make qa`
1. Run tests: `make test`
1. Run static type checker: `make type-check`

## License

```
Copyright {{ cookiecutter.copyright_year }}, {{ cookiecutter.copyright_holder }}.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

add cruft and fix typos

{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/README.md, after:

# {{ cookiecutter.project_name }}

{{ cookiecutter.project_short_description }}

## Workflow for developers/contributors

Before pushing on GitHub, run the following commands (preferably in an isolated conda environment):

1. Update conda environment: `make conda-env-update`
1. Install this package: `pip install -e .`
1. Sync with the latest [template](https://github.com/bopen/cookiecutter-conda-package) (optional): `cruft update`
1. Run quality assurance checks: `make qa`
1. Run tests: `make test`
1. Run static type checker: `make type-check`

## License

```
Copyright {{ cookiecutter.copyright_year }}, {{ cookiecutter.copyright_holder }}.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
